

overall


login as either admin, viewer, editor.


you would see the cards and overview members table, sorted by lets say the upcomin birthday or anniversary.

dasboard page:
cards by filtering... 
upon click connect direct to web whatsapp..


members:
display members: similar to dasbord page but with more filters. can go to seperate members
member page: display member details... some fields are editable ofc., we can add visit details here.
    visit details is modal not seperate page
add member: self explain. 




user: 
login: 3 types, admin viewer editor. only admin can add another viewer. 
add user: only admin could do that. 
user management: only admin could do that. 
user profile: visible to all. 
reset password: visilbe to all.



do to: 
make em work: user management, add user, user profile, reset password, login -done


lets see:
 users module remianing, 
    we can do the whole thing first then we 'hide' it 
    todo: user management, add user, user profile, reset password, login 
    role: -done
        admin: has user manage and user, add edit delete user , members, visits 
        viewer: no data add member, visits, user 
        editor: add edit member visits, 



 bunch of tasks
    pagination of 10 in member, user and visits -d
    member page remove type silver -d
    member page filter date should be month and date only -d
    enable edit and delte in members -d 
    edit member page option -d 
    type->sub type col name in dashboard column -d
    show NA instead of blank in anniversary -d
    change name user for side and navbar -d
    remove down below button for logout make it in navbar -d
    white and dark mode -d
    font size increase -d
    
    exports do good pdf and csv -d
    make calendars filter look good... -d




new tasks:
add family members 'co-members' table, back and frontend, mulitple for one member 
name, relationship(Wife, Husband, Son, Daughter, Father, Mother, Others), Contact no: , DOB:


in member list: 
    add col called total co members  -d also added to dashboard page

in member details: 
    add family members display above visitor details, When displaying the details of a co-member write Name of Co-Member + relation + of + Member Name -d

    In add visit details Change APC to Total Billing doubt,    In the Vistor Details panel display Total Billing & APC (Apc is total billing / visitors) doubt? should total billing be total bill and apc calculated on dashboard -d


In export to CSV for members also export co-members data separtely. doubt? where in member details or in member list? and how to display co member with member in export? -d 


another doubt... should co memebr/ family dob anniversary be shown in dashboard page?

change calendars for comember and visit 

change currency symbol UI to INR 